OKAY, PROBLEM SOLVED. THIS IS THE FINAL ARCHITECTURE FOR THE NPC SCHEDULE.

The schedule that is created in scr_schedules should only be used if there is no file to be loaded 
(only use the initial schedule if this is a new game). After a new game is begun, the schedule will become
a variable belonging to the player, which will be saved and loaded.

The schedule will be rearranged each day within the initialize_day function.

Each npc will have a number of different routines.

Each routine type ID will pertain to a list of location IDs, a list of travelMethods and also
a grid of coordinate lists.

This routine will be randomly selected at the turn of each day, and used to 
build the schedule that is then saved to the file.

If an NPC is in the standard state, they will continue down their path of coordinates for the timeblock,
if an NPC is in any other state, they will become paused

---------

Most of the functionality described above is now ready. The following is a list of unsolved issues with
this architecture.


--How will I manage NPCs changing rooms in the middle of a timeblock?

--How will the paths be stored?

--How will the routines be stored?

--The build_daily_schedule function must still be completed.

SPECIAL EVENT ARCHITECTURE

there will be a global variable called global.currentSpecialEvent

each NPC will have a special set of scheduling params for special events in which they are present

During special events, time will be stopped until the event is complete

Once the event is complete, the game will perform an overworld transition to some new location at some new time
these will be set specific to each special event

If the player interacts with their bed during a special event, an alert will be displayed stating "You can't go to
sleep right now, you're in the middle of something important!"

NPC behavior will be different from cutscenes and also from regular overworld time. Instead, it will be more similar
to pokemon, where the characters' behavior will be set to loop continually until the end of the event.